## Machete Kills Again in Space 26: The Final Frontier

 
![Machete Kills Again In Space 26 \[PORTABLE\]](https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRfMkKD9R-YB-jo3LlBlwnCLC0eDFxyYoyrhHqZCJbce45FsA8vOPNoaMw)

 
# Machete Kills Again in Space 26: The Final Frontier
 
The legendary ex-Federale Machete Cortez (Danny Trejo) is back for one last mission in the most outrageous and over-the-top installment of the Machete franchise. Machete Kills Again in Space 26 is the third and final film in the trilogy that began with Machete (2010) and continued with Machete Kills (2013).
 
## machete kills again in space 26


[**Download Zip**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Furllie.com%2F2tKoZL&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw30uDj3ie7B-V7CE6iDdpyi)

 
In this epic finale, Machete is recruited by the U.S. President (Carlos Estevez) to stop a crazed global terrorist (Mel Gibson) from starting a nuclear war in outer space. With a bounty on his head, Machete breaks all the rules as he faces death at every turn from a star-studded cast of deadly assassins, including Michelle Rodriguez, Sofia Vergara, Amber Heard, Antonio Banderas, Cuba Gooding Jr., Demian Bichir, and Lady Gaga. He also encounters a robot named Bleep (Justin Bieber), a machete that looks like a lightsaber, and a spaceship shaped like a sombrero.
 
Machete Kills Again in Space 26 is directed by Robert Rodriguez, who also wrote the screenplay based on a story by himself and Marcel Rodriguez. The film is a spoof of sci-fi and action movies, especially Star Wars and James Bond. It features outrageous humor, over-the-top violence, and plenty of references to pop culture and previous films in the series.
 
The film was announced at the end of Machete Kills, which included a fake trailer for Machete Kills Again in Space. However, the production of the film was delayed due to various reasons, including Rodriguez's involvement in other projects, such as Alita: Battle Angel (2019) and We Can Be Heroes (2020). The film is expected to be released in 2023, ten years after the first film.
 
Machete Kills Again in Space 26 is the ultimate adventure for fans of Machete and his exploits. It is also a tribute to Danny Trejo's iconic career as an actor and a badass. Don't miss this explosive and hilarious conclusion to the Machete saga!
  
The film is a sequel to Machete Kills, which ended with a cliffhanger that showed Machete being recruited by the U.S. President to go to space and stop Voz (Mel Gibson), a billionaire arms dealer who escaped to a space station after trying to launch a nuclear missile at Earth. The film also features some characters from the first film, such as Luz (Michelle Rodriguez), a revolutionary leader who lost her eye in a fight with Machete, and Sartana (Jessica Alba), a U.S. immigration agent who was killed by Voz's henchmen.
 
In Machete Kills Again in Space 26, Machete faces new and old enemies in his quest to save the world from Voz's evil plan. He has to deal with an army of clones, a femme fatale named Miss San Antonio (Amber Heard), a shapeshifting assassin named El Camaleón (Lady Gaga), and a mysterious man named El Chameleón (Antonio Banderas), who claims to be Machete's long-lost brother. He also meets some allies along the way, such as a space cowboy named C.T. (Charlie Sheen), a hacker named Mendez (Demian Bichir), and a sexy space babe named La Chispa (Sofia Vergara).
 
Machete Kills Again in Space 26 is a tribute to the exploitation films of the 1970s and 1980s, especially the ones that featured low-budget special effects, cheesy dialogue, and gratuitous nudity. The film also parodies some of the most popular sci-fi and action franchises of all time, such as Star Wars, Star Trek, James Bond, Alien, and Terminator. The film is full of references and homages to these films, as well as to Rodriguez's own filmography, such as Spy Kids, Sin City, and Planet Terror.
 0f148eb4a0
